I don't think that computer science is really ethnically diverse because
in general, engineering is not ethnically diverse. For example, when
I was at Berkeley, I was taking my artificial intelligence class
and there are about four hundred people. There there was one other
African American female, she always sat in the front and there was me.
Besides that, it was basically whites and Asians. For the military,
I'm an Electrician's Mate on the nuclear side and that's not very
ethnically diverse either. That's because nuclear technology and basically
engineering, is kind of a higher level field and unfortunately,
blacks and Hispanics don't really shine in those areas as much as
whites and Asians do. So, the military is very diverse but blacks
and Hispanics are usually in the fields that don't require as much technical
thinking but at least on the civilian side, at least in school,
Berkeley had lots of different cultures but they're mainly in the
humanities section not so much the engineering section. That's something
that I'm trying to change myself. That's the reason that I'm
in computer science at the first place because I want to do education
so I can help people like me, you know, who were young and wanted
to have some kind of inspiration to do technically oriented jobs but
I didn't really know where to start, so. It has a long way to go.
In fact, even at USC, out of the whole entire games department, I'm
the only black person that's there. I don't think I saw, there were
maybe two or three Hispanic people and this is a field of maybe, several
hundred people. So, it has a long way to go.